Welcome to your FutureScope.AI Project

Project info

Welcome to the FutureScope.AI (Career Guidance Application) GitHub repository! This application is designed to help individuals explore career paths, gain insights, and make informed decisions about their professional journeys. Whether you're a student, job seeker, or someone looking to switch careers, this app provides valuable resources and tools.

URL: https://lovable.dev/projects/842487a1-d481-4310-bfe0-fbfefe23f369

Features

1. Personalized career recommendations based on user interests and skills.
2. Access to a comprehensive database of career options and job profiles.
3. Resources for skill development and educational paths.
4. Insights into current job market trends.
5. Interactive quizzes and tools for self-assessment.


What technologies are used for this project?

This project is built with:
- Vite
- TypeScript
- React
- shadcn-ui
- Tailwind CSS


Usage Instructions

Step 0:- Visit https://preview--future-scope-connect.lovable.app/

Step 1 :- Create an Account Sign up and create your user profile to access personalized recommendations.

Step 2 :- Explore Career Options Browse through a wide range of careers to find what interests you.

Step 3 :- Take Self-Assessments Complete quizzes and assessments to identify your strengths and preferences.

Step 4 :- Get Recommendations Use the recommendations generated by the app to explore suitable career paths.

Step 5:- Access Resources Dive into educational content, courses, and tips tailored to your chosen career.

Contribution Guidelines 
We welcome contributions to improve and expand the application. To contribute: Fork the repository. Create a new branch for your changes. Submit a pull request for review.

License
This project is under the supervision and submitted to Pr. Pote Patil College of Engineering and Management, Amravati 444602.

How can I edit this code?

Use your preferred IDE

If you want to work locally using your own IDE, you can clone this repo and push changes. Pushed changes will also be reflected in Lovable.

The only requirement is having Node.js & npm installed - install with nvm

Follow these steps:

Step 1: Clone the repository using the project's Git URL.

git clone https://github.com/AishwaryBarmase/future-scope-connect.git

Step 2: Navigate to the project directory.

cd future-scope-connect

Step 3: Install the necessary dependencies.

npm i

Step 4: Start the development server with auto-reloading and an instant preview.

npm run dev

